[JINGLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Let's begin now,
as we have before,
with the energy field
awareness practice.
Simply close your eyes and
tune into the feeling of energy
in and around your body.
And also observe
what is currently
in your mind and your emotions.
This provides a baseline to
see energetic and consciousness
changes at the end
of this practice.
Now, we will begin the
next level of construction
of your grid of life.
Start by putting your attention
at the very top of your head
at the crown chakra.
And move your awareness
straight up vertically,
until you find the first
energy center above your head.
This is the place that was
the top of the golden triangle
in episode one.
This energy center
above your head
will feel like a place of
increased light and vibration,
and it will feel like
a platform where you
can rest your attention on it.
Apply zero-point centering
to the first center
above your head, which is
moving all of your energy
and attention into the
epicenter of that energy
center above your head,
then allowing its activated
energy to stream
outwards to become
a radiant golden sun of
divine light above your head.
This is the radiance technique.
Now, move your energy and
awareness to stream energy
down from that sun
above your head,
to stream that divine golden
light down into the crown
center at the top of your head.
Then begin to vertically
move your awareness
straight down the golden
thread of the central column
in the midline of the body.
As you move your awareness
down from the crown,
be aware of the structures
intersecting the middle pillar,
feeling the golden thread
move through the center
of the third eye tunnel
in the cave of Brahma,
which we activated
with the cubicle cross
exercise in episode two.
Move your attention
down the golden thread
of the middle pillar, down
from the cave of Brahma,
down into the throat.
And then follow the middle
pillar down the upper chest
to connect to the heart chakra
in the center of the chest.
Note that whereas the
physical heart is slightly
offset to the left side of
the chest in most people,
the heart chakra is located
on the vertical center
line, the middle pillar.
This downwards flow
of divine light
connects to the heart
chakra on the middle pillar.
Use zero-point centering to
move your energy and awareness
into the epicenter
of your heart chakra.
Relax more deeply into
the center of your heart,
experiencing and
inwardly tasting
the beautiful divine love
nectar held in your heart.
Then as you've
activated the energy
in the center of
the heart chakra,
allow its activated
energy to stream outwards
to become a dynamic
rose-colored sun radiating out
from your chest.
Now that we have
activated the heart chakra
on the middle pillar, we can
activate the vital connections
between the heart
and all the centers
on the right and
left pillars, which
rely on the heart to
provide divine balancing
to their polarized energies.
For time purposes, we will not
describe activating these six
center on the right
and left pillars
with the zero-point centering
and radiance methods.
However, you should,
in your own practice,
devote time to fully activating
all these centers in addition
to the connections to the heart
center we will describe here.
Now, send out rays of
light from the heart
to connect to the
little known energy
centers above your
right shoulder
and above your left shoulder,
which you used in episode one
to stabilize the bottom
of the golden triangle
around your head.
Feel the divine love
from your heart activate,
balance, and support these two
centers above your shoulders.
Next, we have two energy centers
located in your upper chest
at the top of the lungs on
the left and right pillars.
Feel their vibration in
your upper chest and lungs.
Send rays of light
from your heart
to connect to the energy
center in the upper right
top of your lungs and
then from the heart
to the center in the upper
left top of your lungs.
Feel the divine love
from your heart activate,
balance, and support these two
chest centers for breathing.
And now we have the two energy
centers located in your liver,
at the base of your rib
cage on the right side,
and in your spleen, at the base
of your ribs on the left side.
Feel the vibration of these
energy centers located
in these two powerful organs.
Send rays from your
heart to connect
to the energy
center in your liver
and to the center
in your spleen.
Feel the divine love
from your heart activate,
balance, and support
your liver and spleen.
Now, simply activate
the vertical lines
connecting three centers
on the right pillar.
Create a line of
light moving downwards
from the center above
the right shoulder
to move down to link to the
center in the upper right lung
and from there downwards to
link to the center in the liver.
Then we'll do the same
for the left pillar.
Start by creating a
line of light emanating
downwards from the center
above the left shoulder
to link to the center
in the upper left lung
and then down to link to
the center in the spleen.
And to complete the
activation of this section
of the grid of life, we're
going to activate the three
horizontal lines of energy
between the parallel centers
on the right and left pillars.
Link with horizontal
lines of light
the two centers
above the shoulders,
then create a
horizontal line of light
to link the two centers
in the upper lungs,
and then a horizontal
line of light
to link the two centers
in the liver and spleen.
You have now created a
beginning level activation
in your energy field of the
first eight of the ten centers.
This completes the
structure around your heart
and the heart's middle
pillar emanations to support
and activate both the
left and right pillar.
It is this connection to the
centers on the middle pillar
that helped to balance
and integrate the energies
on the left and the right.
Now, simply close your
eyes for a moment,
and we're going to do the energy
field awareness practice again,
so that you can perceive what
changes happened in your energy
field and your awareness
from this practice.
Simply tune in to the feeling of
energy in and around your body.
Then become aware of
what is in your thoughts
and in your emotions.
How has this practice changed
your internal feeling?
Changed your state
of consciousness?
Can you feel the
structures that have
been created in your energy
body through this practice?
You have now created a beginning
level activation in your energy
field for the first eight of the
ten centers of the grid of life
design by activating
first the golden triangle
around your head and
then, in this episode,
the energy matrix around the
rose light of your heart.
We will complete the grid of
life design in your energy
field in a later episode by
adding in the two final centers
on the middle pillar,
which will ground us
into physical incarnation
and link us to the Earth.
This is, of course, only
a very basic introduction
to this profound sacred
geometry energy pattern
and to methods that we
can use to activate it.
For more advanced information
and practical methods,
please see the online
spiritual science courses
available at my
website www.vesica.org.
[MUSIC PLAYING]